Change IR from light to switch docs (#30381)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/reolink.markdown

Depending on the supported features of the camera, switch entities are added for:

> - Infra red lights in night mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Infrared lights in night mode
```

- FTP upload
- HDR*

> When **Infra red lights in night mode** entity is OFF always OFF, when ON IR LEDs will be on when the camera is in night vision mode, see the **Day night mode** select entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the **Infrared lights in night mode** entity is set to OFF, the infrared LEDs are always OFF. When the **Infrared lights in night mode** entity is set to ON, the infrared LEDs will be on when the camera is in night vision mode. For more information, see the **Day night mode** select entity.
```
hm, not sure I understand this. Please correct me if I got this wrong.

Author: No you got it.
